Update install-prereqs.adoc (#290)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/install-prereqs.adoc

* Disable swap memory.
* Ensure that chrony (system clocks) status is in sync.

> * Ensure there is no antivirus or deep packet inspection (DPI) software on the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure that no antivirus or deep-packet inspection (DPI) software is installed on the host.
```
